so you guys today I'm going to show you
a card trick and I hope you like it well
this starts off as just any card trick
where the magician goes through the
cards and the spectator randomly selects
a card and then the magician finds it in
rather spectacular ways so what I'm
going to do this time is I'm going to
riffle on the side of the deck and I'm
going to have the spectator say stop
anywhere they want okay so for example
say stop anywhere all right take a look
at this car and we lose it in the center
just like so so spectators car could be
any of these fifty-two cards now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to use a
process of elimination to find the
spectators card okay so grab a random
stack like this and show you so we got
the 8 of clubs so there's the 8 of clubs
the spectator selective car where I
select the car know how this one is it
the Aces base still know how it might be
a little bit of a problem but well it's
only the first to try so we serve 50
more cards we serve 50 more chances to
do the process of elimination
well if I were to do that that would be
very boring and it would take forever
not very magical indeed so instead what
I'm going to do is I'm actually going to
divide the deck in to be approximately
even piles as you can see and what I'm
going to do is I'm going to shuffle the
cards face up and face down just like so
so you can see they drive it clearly and
so all the cards by not quite mixed face
up face down just like so and let's see
how we did
so we got you know some face cards some
facedown cards some face-up
and of course some face down cards face
up and face down and with the little
wave just like so it's the me all the
cards turn back face book just like so
magically except for one single card
let's face down
oh by the way the Joker's you don't have
didn't happen to select right okay
fantastic so that means like god card
right so what was the anger card the
Jack of Diamonds and the Jack of
Diamonds it is I actually need to tell
you the truth actually kind of cheated I
should use more cards I mark these on my
shirt if you can see it I'll show you
what I mean you see the Jack may not
look the marked but actually I tell you
I can differentiate it your selected
card from the rest of the deck because
all the other cards are naturally marked
with the blue color while your jack is
in a different color and that's the
color trap another and I hope you enjoy